REALNETWORKS, INC.
END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
REALARCADE GOLD RELEASE 

REDISTRIBUTION NOT PERMITTED

Software License for 
RealNetworks RealArcade Gold 
Release

IMPORTANT -- READ CAREFULLY 
BEFORE USING THIS SOFTWARE: 
This License Agreement for the 
RealArcade Gold Release 
("License Agreement") is a 
legal agreement between you 
(either an individual or an 
entity) and RealNetworks, Inc. 
and its suppliers and 
licensors (collectively "RN") 
for RealArcade Gold Release 
software ("Software"). You may 
install only ONE copy of the 
Software.  By clicking on the 
"Accept" button, installing, 
copying or otherwise using the 
Software, you agree to be 
bound by the terms of this 
License Agreement.  If you do 
not agree to the terms of this 
License Agreement, click on 
the "Cancel" button 
and/or do not install the 
Software.  YOU AGREE THAT YOUR 
USE OF THE SOFTWARE 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT YOU HAVE 
READ THIS LICENSE, UNDERSTAND 
IT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY 
ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

ANY THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, 
INCLUDING ANY NON-RN PLUG-IN, 
THAT MAY BE INITIALLY PROVIDED
WITH THE SOFTWARE IS INCLUDED 
FOR USE AT YOUR OPTION.  IF 
YOU CHOOSE TO USE SUCH THIRD 
PARTY SOFTWARE, THEN SUCH USE 
SHALL BE GOVERNED BY SUCH THIRD 
PARTY'S LICENSE AGREEMENT, AN 
ELECTRONIC COPY OF WHICH WILL 
BE INSTALLED IN THE 
"REALARCADE" FOLDER ON YOUR 
COMPUTER UPON INSTALLATION OF 
THE SOFTWARE.   

THE SOFTWARE YOU ARE RECEIVING 
MAY CONTAIN MORE OR LESS 
FEATURES THAN THE COMMERCIAL 
RELEASE OF THE RN PRODUCT THAT 
RN INTENDS TO DISTRIBUTE.  
WHILE RN INTENDS TO DISTRIBUTE 
A COMMERCIAL RELEASE OF THE 
SOFTWARE, RN RESERVES THE 
RIGHT AT ANY TIME NOT TO 
RELEASE A COMMERCIAL RELEASE 
OF THE SOFTWARE OR, IF 
RELEASED, TO ALTER FEATURES, 
SPECIFICATIONS, CAPABILITIES, 
FUNCTIONS, LICENSING TERMS, 
RELEASE DATES, GENERAL 
AVAILABILITY OR OTHER 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE 
COMMERCIAL RELEASE.

1. GRANT OF LICENSE: RN and 
its suppliers and licensors 
hereby grant you a non-
exclusive license to use the 
Software and any related 
documentation 
("Documentation") subject to 
the following terms: 

a) 	You may: (i) use the 
Software on any single 
computer; (ii) use the 
Software on a second computer 
so long as the first and 
second computers are not used 
simultaneously; and (iii) copy 
the Software for back-up and 
archival purposes provided any 
copy must contain all of the 
original Software's 
proprietary notices. 

b)	The Software includes 
certain plug-in 
components ("Plug-Ins"), 
such as 
the Active X Control, Java 
plug-in, RA XTRA 
plug-in, xing encoder dll 
and cdrom 
services dll.  You may only 
call to or 
otherwise use such Plug-Ins 
through the 
use of the realjbox.exe, 
realplay.exe, 
nppl3260.dll, rmoc3260.dll, 
embd3260.dll,
and/or rpcl3260.zip 
applications.
Any direct use of Plug-Ins 
through 
a non-RN proprietary 
application, including 
a custom or user-written 
application 
is prohibited by this 
Agreement.


2. LICENSE RESTRICTIONS: 

a)	You may not: (i) permit 
other individuals to use the 
Software except under the 
terms listed above; (ii) 
modify, translate, reverse 
engineer, decompile, 
disassemble (except to the 
extent that this restriction 
is expressly prohibited by 
law) or create derivative 
works based upon the Software 
or Documentation; (iii) copy 
the Software or Documentation 
(except for back-up or 
archival purposes); (iv) 
resell, rent, lease, transfer, 
or otherwise transfer rights 
to the Software or 
Documentation; or (v) remove 
any proprietary notices or 
labels on or in the Software 
or Documentation. The 
recording and playback 
features of this Software are 
intended only for use with 
public domain or properly 
licensed content and content 
creation tools.  You may 
require a patent, copyright, 
or other license from a third 
party to create, copy, record 
or save content files for 
playback by this software or 
to serve or distribute such 
files to be played back by 
this Software.

b) You agree that you shall 
only use the Software and 
Documentation in a manner that 
complies with all applicable 
laws in the jurisdiction in 
which you use the Software and 
Documentation, including, but 
not limited to, applicable 
restrictions concerning 
copyright and other 
intellectual property rights.  

c) The Software is for 
private use only.  Copies of 
content files, including, but 
not limited to songs and other 
audio recordings, which are 
downloaded or copied using the 
Software, and which are 
protected by the copyright 
laws or related laws of any 
jurisdiction, may not be 
distributed to third parties 
or performed outside your 
normal circle of family and 
social acquaintances.  You may 
not use the Software to alter 
or adapt content files.

d) You may not use the 
Software in conjunction with 
any device or service designed 
to circumvent technological 
measures employed to control 
access to, or the rights in, a 
content file or other work 
protected by the copyright 
laws of any jurisdiction.

e) The Software embodies a 
serial copying management 
system required by the laws of 
the United States.  You may 
not circumvent or attempt to 
circumvent this system by any 
means.

f) Any Portable Music Player
plug-ins downloaded into the 
software are licensed to you 
under the terms of this license
agreement and are for use only
with Portable Music Players 
provided by the specified 
manufacturer and may not be 
used with other Portable Music
Players from other manufacturers.

3.  COPIES OF SOFTWARE AND 
ENHANCEMENTS: If you receive 
the first copy of the Software 
electronically and a second 
copy on media, the second copy 
may be used for archival 
purposes only and may not be 
transferred to or used by any 
other person.  This license 
does not grant you any right 
to any enhancements or updates 
to the Software, nor any 
support services. 

4. AUTOUPDATE.  The autoupdate
function in the Software 
automatically checks RN's servers
on the Internet for updates for
the Software, such as bug fixes,
patches and enhanced functions.
You agree that RN may, through 
the autoupdate function, 
download updates and install 
them as part of your Software.

5. TITLE: Title, ownership, 
rights, and intellectual 
property rights in and to the 
Software and Documentation 
shall remain in RN.  The 
Software is protected by the 
copyright laws of the United 
States and international 
copyright treaties.  Title, 
ownership rights and 
intellectual property rights 
in and to the content accessed 
through the Software including 
the content contained in the 
Software media demonstration 
files shall be retained by the 
applicable content owner and 
may be protected by applicable 
copyright or other law.  This 
License Agreement gives you no 
rights to such content.

6. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY: THE 
SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION ARE 
PROVIDED AS IS WITHOUT 
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.  TO THE 
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY 
APPLICABLE LAW, RN FURTHER 
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, 
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION 
ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND 
NONINFRINGEMENT. THE ENTIRE 
RISK ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR 
PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE 
AND DOCUMENTATION REMAINS WITH 
YOU. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT 
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, 
IN NO EVENT SHALL RN BE LIABLE 
FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, 
INCIDENTAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, 
SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER 
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES 
FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, 
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF 
BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR OTHER 
PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF 
THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OF 
OR INABILITY TO USE THE 
PRODUCT, EVEN IF RN HAS BEEN 
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF 
SUCH DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME 
STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT 
ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR 
CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL 
DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION 
MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

7. TERMINATION: This License 
Agreement shall terminate 
automatically if you fail to 
comply with the limitations 
described in this license.  No 
notice shall be required from 
RN to effectuate such 
termination.  Upon 
termination, you must destroy 
all copies of the Software and 
Documentation. 

8. INDEMNIFICATION: You agree 
to extract, download, record, 
play back, and distribute only 
those materials for which you 
have the necessary patent, 
copyright and other 
permissions, licenses, and/or 
clearances.  You agree to hold 
harmless, indemnify and defend 
RN, its officers, directors 
and employees, from and 
against any losses, damages, 
fines and expenses (including 
attorneys' fees and costs) 
arising out of or relating to 
any claims that you have 
copied any materials (other 
than materials provided by RN) 
in connection with the 
Software in violation of 
another party's rights or in 
violation of any law.  If you 
are importing the Software 
from the United States, you 
shall indemnify and hold RN 
harmless from and against any 
import and export duties or 
other claims arising from such 
importation.

9. U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED 
RIGHTS AND EXPORT 
RESTRICTIONS: This Software 
and Documentation are
provided with RESTRICTED 
RIGHTS.  Use, duplication or 
disclosure by the Government 
is subject to restrictions set 
forth in subparagraphs (a) 
through (d) of the Commercial 
Computer Software--Restricted 
Rights at FAR 52.227-19 when 
applicable, or in subparagraph 
(c)(1)(ii) of the Rights in 
Technical Data and Computer 
Software clause at DFARS 
252.227-7013, and in similar
clauses in the NASA FAR 
supplement, as applicable.  
Manufacturer is RealNetworks, 
Inc./2601 Elliott Avenue / 
Seattle, Washington, 
98121.  You are responsible 
for complying with all trade 
regulations and laws both 
foreign and domestic.  You 
acknowledge that none of the 
Software or underlying 
information or technology may 
be downloaded or otherwise 
exported or re-exported (i) 
into (or to a national or 
resident of) Cuba, Iraq, 
Libya, Sudan, North Korea, 
Iran, Syria or any other 
country subject to a U.S. 
embargo; or (ii) to anyone on 
the U.S. Treasury Department's 
list of Specially Designated 
Nationals or the U.S. Commerce 
Department's Denied Parties 
List or Entity List.  By using 
the Software you are agreeing 
to the foregoing and are 
representing and warranting 
that (i) no U.S. federal 
agency has suspended, revoked, 
or denied you export 
privileges, (ii) you are not 
located in or under the 
control of a national or 
resident of any such country 
or on any such list, and (iii) 
you will not export or re-
export the Software to any 
prohibited county, or to any 
prohibited person, entity, or 
end-user as specified by U.S. 
export controls.

10.  MISCELLANEOUS: This 
License Agreement shall 
constitute the complete and 
exclusive agreement between 
us.  The terms and conditions 
contained in this License 
Agreement may not be modified 
unless both you and an 
authorized representative of 
RN execute a separate written 
instrument.  If any provision 
of this License Agreement is 
held to be unenforceable for 
any reason, such provision 
shall be reformed only to the 
extent necessary to make it 
enforceable, and such decision 
shall not affect the 
enforceability of such 
provision under other 
circumstances, or of the 
remaining provisions hereof 
under all circumstances.  This 
License Agreement shall be 
governed by the laws of the 
State of Washington, without 
regard to conflicts of law 
provisions, and you hereby 
consent to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the state and 
federal courts sitting in the 
State of Washington.  Any and 
all unresolved disputes 
arising under this License 
Agreement shall be submitted 
to arbitration in the State of 
Washington.  The arbitration 
shall be conducted under the 
rules then prevailing of the 
American Arbitration 
Association.  The arbitrator's 
award shall be binding and may 
be entered as a judgment in 
any court of competent 
jurisdiction.  This License 
Agreement will not be governed 
by the United Nations 
Convention of Contracts for 
the International Sale of 
Goods, the application of 
which is hereby expressly 
excluded. 

Copyright (c) 1995-1999 
RealNetworks, Inc. and/or its 
Suppliers, 2601 Elliott Avenue, 
Seattle, Washington 98121 U.S.A.  
All rights reserved.  
RealNetworks and RealArcade are
the trademarks of RealNetworks, 
Inc.

RealArcade Gold License, 
September 20, 1999

